Upon clicking edit button in the Promotion Table (See image 1), the promotion review form will open. 

Context: 
Before a crewmember is promoted to the next rank several parameters need to be verified as it is a critical decision.
These parameters include:
1. License – i.e. the crewmember holds higher rank License. E.g, for Next promotion to master, the crewmember should hold Master COC (License) 
2. Age – i.e. crewmember falls within the age criteria defined by the company e.g., for Master minimum 32 years
3. Sea Service experience – i.e., crewmember has certain minimum sea service e.g., 18 months sea time as Chief officer to become a master.
4. Recommendations for Promotion – i.e. Minimum number of recommendations required during the appraisal process. E.g., minimum 2 recommendations for promotion.
5. Other Criteria – This can include certain Company specific criteria not covered by previous fixed value. 
6. Completion of a Promotion checklist by the concerned crewmember (which outlines all the practical tasks that the crewmember needs to complete and get endorsed by Department head on board)
7. Completion of Competency Evaluation Tests (CES)
8. Completion of all necessary trainings & certification.     


These parameters may vary from Company to Company. We will provide detailed instructions later on the source of these parameters. 

The promotion review forms will contain 3 Parts:
Part A – Promotion Criteria Review – In this part generally Office staff (e.g., Crewing Executive) can monitor whether various promotion criteria are being met or not. This will be like a live record that will keep on updating as information is received from various other submodules e.g., Seafarer completes a new contract so his seatime will update, he receives a recommendation for promotion in appraisal module, so that will update etc. 

Part B – Approval – Once the Promotion criteria has been fulfilled, Part A of the Form can be submitted for approval. This section will record approval from suitable approver. (Will provide details later)

Part B – Execution – There may be an interval between the stage that the crewmember is approved for promotion and the stage that he actually joins the ship at the next rank. This section records that.

Note: For now only create the basic form Template with the steppers and the Part A title as per the attached image. I will provide detailed instructions for each Part separately. 

For Reference on UI you can see the ‘Recruitment’ Form and use the same component which is very similar to this functionality, Only difference being here the steppers will be A, B, C ( instead of A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, B & C in Recruitment form). See image 2
